# Coding-One-Final-Project

Within this unit we have used practical programming to create pieces of work from sound, images, and 3D graphics. This unit heavily used C++, JavaScript including other creative frameworks to complete weekly homework. Lecturers introduced me to many artists, but my inspiration came from artists like Katharina Brunner and Manolo Gamboa Naon as their work was closely connected to the weekly homework we completed. Manolo uses algorithmic tools to create his pieces. I was also influenced by the artists suggested by our lecturers however got more inspiration from the ones I found myself which helped to generate original creative works. 

Further into the unit we explored images processing. When looking into creating 2D graphics I further developed Flores geometrici piece using the mouse to control the formation of the petals, I also affected the speed, direction, and size of the flowers. Using the rose curve algorithm, it allowed me to understand the basics of polar coordinates. I used the variable K to calculate the number of petals on the canvas. K was formed as an irreducible fraction which I learnt how to do using a section from a Wikipedia page based on rose mathematics. Wikipedia used a diagram to present me all the different possibilities of a flower using the variable K.

I really loved creating this project because it showed me how to use polar coordinates to create beautiful pieces. After a few weeks into the unit, I learnt how to use “if” statements which I used in this assignment to change the direction of the flowers. This knowledge then gave me the confidence to develop it further.

The changes in my final project began with adding another K value so that we could have different possibilities of what the flowers would look like. I then created a class which I passed some parameters into it, this is so our object remembers what these items are. The reason why I chose to do a class is because in my weekly assessment I must keep rewriting the values when wanting to create a new flower. I further went on to create an array that was able to hold all the flowers and then I created a function called “create flower” which I then pushed into an array. These two steps are done by the function instead of me having to manually do them like I did in the original assignment.

“Create flower” receives the exact same instructions that the class I created does. When creating the flower, I passed through one of K values that I made to give each flower a different design. However before doing this, I realised I had to make sure I drew the flower. In the draw function I looped through the objects that were inside my array. One big change I also made was the random colours using RGB and the fact the flowers were bouncing off the canvas. Height and canvas. Width I did this by flipping the flowers. 
